then I generally same
mcintosh it is gray laugh grids
like 99% of people who buy at mac
because they do not want to cum
stickers on months before
I had a model and community I
I was no longer another plan the summit
like a maxi beautiful game but not all of
after
except that precisely there are ways to
make it even more beautiful and beautiful
it's called a sticker just on
astique hours me who sent us a
little world aunisiens would tell you from
discover a little what we do and we have
looked at their catalogs so
general stickers are not necessarily
pretty I find unfortunately there is a super
catane others come see this is the
catalog
you can see the number this is the
beautiful white snow
there are full full as you can
see some very nice stuff the little cat
here the superman to the mayor in the process of
to eat the apple etc and so on and
site is pretty well done there is a
little video to explain how
we are doing well we will test
with this beautiful dark vador and we're going
do it live
so how do we first do I
just left the clips with every little
sticker it provides a notice that you
explain in three words how does
finally five mounts several first
a clean you so I took a soap
so you see I've spent more
topics remove everything there was that
to clean but in fact it does
was not
step number 2 I put the apple in the
common sense
in this case you will let it dry
it's done taking off with care
tic is in fact that's all that
is in the middle of the green that is going to be
take off and see if there is an apple
who appears in this life art apple
that I hold on to that so we
I'm going to do it and it's without
faking
this is the apple we lift I go
stick it we could have poured
rather this little smarter in Falla
mercenaries game rather little known the date
to members May 1st I always dreamed
to glue sticking stickers
as on m6 valérie damidot
this is what is said well in the
notice that must be positioned as a
compared to the apple so I do not know
to miss me well wedged compared to the
apple then there I think I'm
rather not bad
and there you will grab a map so
for example this one a map a little
rigid credit card style
here we go and we go slowly to
hands
why to avoid air bubbles and
we go slowly there you see
that it's going very well and I
you usually swear at me I'm doing them on
my iphone i'm still a big
a hail and there it goes nickel or
so because the stickers
sticker me fantômas ul-haq on a stick
is delivered and of excellent quality it is
thick so really applies very very
well, I've already done
much finer stickers sincerely
it was an integral galley since
being too hungry well it was taking
tore me do it was a galley
here we are almost done with the dark
vador we go we finish with the helmet
here we are going to avoid rio my mac sees
there and frankly got a little
bubble of a little air bubble my god
a little bubble of air here at the idea
not good he did not have the class it took
do damien's macbook tempo